[docs][core] Remove confusing usage of `launch` function (#25988)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/module-api.mdx

}
```

> It's possible to change the native queue of `AsyncFunction` by calling the `.runOnQueue` function on the result of that component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to change the native queue of `AsyncFunction` by calling the `.runOnQueue` function on the result of that component.
```
